hello everyone my name is John Gardner
with good earth natural foods located on
Central Avenue in Hot Springs Arkansas
hey Todd we have Todd back Todd
Scarborough
he has a little voice problem with us
all right I can't run me off that's it
so yeah and I don't know what it is Jon
it just kind of settle in my throat here
but it gives me a deeper raspy voice so
I guess I'm sorry so you all run on that
attractive I don't know yeah something
on it's scary but but anyway speaking of
attractive this is a good product to be
attracted to Brewers East John is the
one thing that we're learning about
breweries is that you know when they
grow this stuff they grow it on beet
molasses or some type of molasses leave
the sorghum molasses and these molasses
when you cook the sugar down let's say
sorghum molasses you cook that down at
the bottom of this VAT all the minerals
basically settled us where all the
minerals stay so they take this molasses
that's real heavy mineral molasses they
grow the yeast on it and then in turn
collect the yeast it is very very high
in protein in fact two tablespoons done
of this gives you actually 15 grams of
protein it's amazing amount of protein
the amino acid profile is through the
roof the B vitamins are through the roof
so if you're looking for a whole food
multiple type of vitamin if you want
something that's a natural food source
vitamin this would probably be the
closest thing that you could get these
yeast grow on these on this vat of the
sugar they take all of it into their
sails they harvest the yeast and the
beauty of this stuff Jun it's delicious
I'm telling you you put it over popcorn
you and you've had it over Pupkin right
it's delicious over popcorn when you put
this over popcorn
you can't go back it's a it's a it's
something that's that goes like peas and
carrots like Forrest Gump said it goes
very very well with popcorn and brewers
yeast Wow
you saw that movie okay I mean you saw
the movie okay coming back to it's
coming back to me it's right like peas
and carrots of chocolate this is but but
now what you're finding John is there's
a lot of multiples out there now that
are utilizing yeast and that's what
they're doing they're basically growing
this yeast on this vat of molasses
harvesting and putting in a capsule and
what I tell people
stake your burke sheets that's probably
the better full source economical way to
go but speaking of let's stop and let me
ask the question that I'm sure a lot
people may have right now is what you're
saying yeast you keep saying yeast is
this going to give someone a yeast
infection or will it help the Candida in
the body grow things like that well
there there's debates on both sides of
this issue this is a sacrum I seized
which is not implicated on Candida
albicans now there are people that swear
that it does and and the reason why is
just I think simply because the word
yeast we know there is good bacteria and
bad bacteria we know there's good yeast
and bad yeast I think ultimately it goes
back to again the diet that people are
on the state that you're in but if
you're a normal healthy person now if
you've got Candida and you're eat up
with Candida probably should stay away
from it mainly because of the B vitamins
nothing cuts the yeast but because that
feeds the candida but as far as a normal
average healthy person yes and it's not
now what I recommend eating a can of
this date no but a couple of tablespoons
certainly is not going to hurt you and
actually help my opinion if you're
healthy and your normal normal this is a
great little thing on the side basically
yes yes there's no harm in it well it's
like any other supplement would be its
supplemental it's not something that you
know I don't recommend taking 15
vitamins and you know multivitamins a
day either so this would be something
like you would treat like a vitamin
supplement in a way is just adding it to
your food to get the B vitamins in the
protein so yes well excellent like you
said great protein content a fast way to
get B's and amino acids so well-rounded
very good yeah and good again remember
the Park popcorn thing is fantastic and
then a lot of the times your bra's that
you buy in stores and things like that
are enhanced with yeast so it really
enhances the flavor of soups it also
goes very well again over the popcorn
thing with move again another question
since you brought that up you could heat
this up it won't take away from the
elements inside zero problem I would not
cook I would add it at the end like you
would any other salt or whatever but
sprinkle it on there at the end and it
definitely helps but it does not destroy
the product at all about heating them Oh
excellent
well hopefully I was helping people with
their questions that they may have yes
in general you always do done you're the
brains of the operation all right now
that we know that you'll have a great
day I'm gonna cut this before you starts
talking again thank you so much for
watching
good earth Natural Foods is brought to
you by blue bonnet Nordic Naturals and
life seasons good earth natural foods
helping you make smarter healthier
decisions when buying natural products
we're located at 39 55 Central Avenue
across from Walmart